docs: add step-by-step guide for garden-kubernetes (#5101)
garden-io/garden: docs/basics/ephemeral-clusters.md

In the following steps you'll learn how to configure your own Garden projects to use the `ephemeral-kubernetes` provider.

### Step 1 - Configure the provider
 Add the `ephemeral-kubernetes` provider to your project configuration file and associate it with an environment. If you are starting a new project copy this file:

```yaml
apiVersion: garden.io/v1
kind: Project
name: my-project
environments:
  - name: ephemeral
providers:
  - name: ephemeral-kubernetes
    environments: [ephemeral]
```

### Step 2 -  Login to the Garden web dashboard

From your project root run:

```
garden login
```

### Step 3 - Deploy your project

To deploy your project run:
```
garden deploy --env ephemeral
```
Garden will automatically provision a temporary Kubernetes Cluster for your project and deploy your application to it. For information about usage quotas check [here](#usage-quota-and-managing-clusters).

### Step 4 - Expose ingress (optional)

> To access your application you need to expose it with an ingress. Each cluster is assigned its own unique hostname when created, to reference it in your ingress definition consider this container action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your application you need to expose it with an ingress. Each cluster is assigned its own unique hostname when created. To reference it in your ingress definition, consider this container action:
```

order: 4
---

> # Garden Ephemeral Kubernetes Clusters

Reviewer 2: We might want to change this to Garden Managed Kubernetes Clusters, since we discussed that the word "ephemeral" might be confusing for some people.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> This feature is still experimental. Please let us know if you have any questions or if any issues come up!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is still experimental and only available in Garden `>=0.13.14`. Please let us know if you have any questions or if any issues come up!
```

Reviewer: I also updated this in #5102 along with name change

This feature is still experimental. Please let us know if you have any questions or if any issues come up!
{% endhint %}

At Garden, we're committed to reducing the friction with getting started and trialing our tooling with your projects. To make Garden adoption more accessible and convenient, we've introduced **Ephemeral Kubernetes Clusters**. We designed this feature to provide you with a hassle-free way to explore Garden's capabilities on Kubernetes without needing to configure or provision a local or remote cluster.

The Ephemeral Kubernetes Clusters are provided for free to all users in our **Community Tier**. These clusters are meant for short-term use and to allow you to run and test your applications with Garden on a Kubernetes remote cluster.
The Ephemeral Kubernetes Clusters are provided for free to all users in our **Community Tier**. These clusters are meant for short-term use and to allow you to run and test your applications with Garden on a remote Kubernetes cluster.

> ## Usage quota and managing clusters

Reviewer: Not sure about it, i still think this should be up here.

Author: I would definitely put it after the getting started section, but open to shifting it farther up.

> You can add or remove Garden ephemeral clusters easily via the `garden-kubernetes` provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add or remove Garden ephemeral clusters via the `garden-kubernetes` provider.
```

> There are a lot of example garden projects that are already configured and ready to go with Garden managed clusters. Checkout our [quickstart guide](quickstart.md) or the [ephemeral-cluster-demo](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/tree/main/examples/ephemeral-cluster-demo) example on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple garden projects that are already configured and ready to go with Garden managed clusters. Check out our [quickstart guide](quickstart.md) or the [ephemeral-cluster-demo](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/tree/main/examples/ephemeral-cluster-demo) example on GitHub.
```

In the following steps you'll learn how to configure your own Garden projects to use the `garden-kubernetes` provider.

### Step 1 - Configure the provider
 Add the `garden-kubernetes` provider to your project configuration file and associate it with an environment. If you are starting a new project copy this file:

```
apiVersion: garden.io/v1
kind: Project
name: my-project
environments:
  - name: remote
providers:
  - name: garden-kubernetes
    environments: [remote]
```

### Step 2 -  Login to the Garden web dashboard

From your project root run:

```
garden login
```

### Step 3 - Deploy your project

To deploy your project run:
```
garden deploy --env remote
```
Garden will automatically provision a temporary Kubernetes Cluster for your project and deploy your application to it. For information about usage quotas check [here](#usage-quota-and-managing-clusters).

### Step 4 - Expose ingress (optional)

To access your application you need to expose it with an ingress. Each cluster is assigned its own unique hostname when created, to reference it in your ingress definition consider this container action:

> 

Reviewer: should we mention here that if you have other providers configured, you can use template string to conditionally use `providers.garden-kubernetes.outputs.default-hostname` ?

Author: Makes sense, will do!

```
kind: Deploy
name: frontend
description: Frontend service container
type: container
build: frontend
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      containerPort: 8080
  ingresses:
    - path: /
      port: http
      hostname: frontend.${providers.garden-kubernetes.outputs.default-hostname}
```

The `garden-kubernetes` provider outputs the dynamically created hostname for your cluster. You can reference this output in your Garden actions and Garden will print out your ingress links on deploy.
To apply the changes deploy again and visit your application in the browser via the provided link.

## On ingress and networking

Ephemeral Kubernetes Clusters fully support ingresses and each cluster is assigned its own unique default hostname dynamically when created. This hostname and its direct subdomains are secured by TLS and require authentication.

### Configuring ingress

> If you want to refer to the hostname that is assigned dynamically when the cluster is created, you can refer to that using the output `${providers.garden-kubernetes.outputs.default-hostname}`. This can be useful if, for example, you want to expose an ingress on a subdomain of the default hostname.

Reviewer: This feels redundant now as it seems to be covered in the Step 4 above.

Author: I figured it would be nice to have a more thorough explanation next to the step-by-step guide even if there is some repetition in there 🤔

Reviewer: Okay, yeah no harm there just felt a bit strange reading it first time.

This kubeconfig file allows you to interact with the cluster using `kubectl` or other Kubernetes tools.

## Security

> Your managed Garden cluster is not shared with other Garden users, but due to it's ephemeral character not suitable for production workloads. Ingress is secured by TLS and needs authentication via GitHub. That means your application will not be publicly available in the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your ephemeral cluster is not shared with other Garden users, but due to its ephemeral nature, it is not suitable for production workloads. Ingress is secured by TLS and needs authentication via GitHub. That means your application will not be publicly available in the internet.
```
